

A Garden With Herbs Provide A Beautiful Fragrance and Abundant Flavor In Foods.
 Herbs tend to grow torwards the sunlight, so insure to rotate pottery when possible if you are inside or container gardening.
Harvesting You'r Herbs;
  Herbs will thrive if picked often. It is a good idea to pluck before flowers start or as soon. This meaning, nip the buds, the tip or flower part of stem. Doing so will help prevent the Herb from growing to fast causing lack of flavor.


HERBS / DIRT

	Select a garden site with a well-drained loam soil, 
	  or improve the soil with the addition of aged  animal manures, compost or peat moss. 
	Herbs should have Quality soil that drain well, yet retain both moisture   
	  and nutrients.
	Keep well drained dirt.
	  To support great drainage, try putting rocks in bottom of pot.
	Excessive fertile leads to lax / floppy growth. So do not over fertilize.
	If you are planting or growing: 
		Dill Herbs - You wnat you'r soil to be rich. 
		Parsley Herbs - You'r soil should be medium rich.
		Cilntro Herbs - This herb grows fast, so syou want you'r soil to be
							composed, moist soil.


HERBS / SUN

	 All herbs need plenty of sunlight, moderate temperatures, 
	 	and a soil or potting mix that drains well. 
	 Choose a location that provides adequate amounts of sunshine. Many herbs require 6 - 8 hours of sun 	   each day to produce the essential oils that give them their pleasant taste and scent.
	 If you are planting or growing: 
	 	  Dill Herbs - you'll need a spot that provides you with full sun access, when sun is available.
	 	  Parsley Herbs - Partial sun is best for this herb. Leaves and steam are very thin.
	 	  Cilantro Herbs - You'll want to have full sun,light shade.

HERBS / FEEDING
	
	Make sure to water in on plant day to satisfy comfort.
	You'll want to moderately water plants everyday. Moderately water, maybe the same amount each day.
	The pattern in watering these plants would be;
	  Soak (not excessively) then dry... Soak then dry.. And so on.
	Remember, excessive fertile leads to lax / floppy growth.
	  As well as over feeding causes Root Rot Disease.


	



